1.Hello everyone! First, My name is Dmitry. Now, I will tell you about KISS principle . KISS is the acronym for Keep It Simple, Stupid! There are multiple versions, including ‘Keep It Short & Simple’, ‘Keep It Smart & Simple’ and ‘keep it Simple & Straight forward’. In principle all related combinations of KISS boil down to the same thing. The KISS principle states that most systems work best if they are kept simple.
2.The term originates from the world of programmers and was first used at the end of the seventies by the Dutch computer scientist Edsger Wybe Dijkstra. Due to limited disc space, computer programmers at that time were asked to minimise the number of lines of code they used. The longer the number of code lines, the greater the chance of conflicting commands, which in turn would lead to unreliable software. By keeping codes as simple as possible, not only disc space was saved, but the chance of bugs occurring would also be far less. The underlying idea of the KISS principle is to keep things as simple as possible in order to prevent stupidities.
3.The KISS principle assumes that if a large group of people cannot understand a product, it will be almost impossible to use the product properly. Therefore, the intention is that the widest possible audience must be able to understand how it works immediately. For example, lengthy user-manuals of smartphones have been reduced to manageable manuals consisting of practical images with short texts that explain the operation of the device. Today, the KISS principle is mainly used in the software development, marketing and design world. Messages come across much better if all the information isn’t presented at the same time, but rather in a compact version. 
4.Slogans are powerful examples of this. The underlying idea of KISS is based on a quote by Albert Einstein: ‘if you can’t explain it, you don’t understand it well enough’. Vice versa, something can only be explained properly if the person explaining it understands what he is talking about.
5.I worked in sales and I used this principle. Most sales people tend to elaborate a lot on how good their product is. They mention all product advantages, without letting the customer speak. Therefore, the sales person does not know what the customer considers to be important, what the customer wants and what his wishes are. Only after listening carefully, the sales person should respond with a fitting offer that is beneficial for the customer. If the sales person uses the KISS principle, he will get more out of the conversation.
6.Good example of KISS principle is callback hell. I think all of you know about it. Look at this. We have a callback in a callback, the code tends to be a bit less readable and a bit messy. In some cases you may have a callback in a callback in a callback or even a callback in a callback in a callback in a callback. You get the point: it gets messy.
7.Using a promise this way looks like this.Instead of nesting callbacks inside callbacks inside callbacks, you chain .then() calls together making it more readable and easier to follow.
8.Lastly, simple example of KISS. You need to cut and pinch. We can use this tool. Or this tools .Compare these 2 solutions. Solution A and B illustrate the difference between solutions that tend towards overcomplication and simplicity respectively.
9.In all cases, it is useful to master the KISS principle. The goal of the KISS principle is to describe and communicate a clear message. The best way to do this is by wording the message as simply as possible. This will ensure that the focus will remain on the core message and it will prevent any misunderstandings. Simplicity should be the main goal.
10.There are a lot of principles in the world, but you should remember the most important of them is common sense. Thank you!
